docs/oled_display_demo.md, before:

### OLED Display
> Copy and paste this code to display data on the OLED display connected to the FCP connector on the ATMegaZero board.

[Buy it from the ATMegaZero Online Store](https://shop.atmegazero.com/products/128x64-0-96-oled-display)

!> This example code is for a 128x64 pixel OLED display connected to the ATMegaZero's FPC Display port.
   This sample code requires the "Adafruit_SSD1306" library. Please make sure to install it first.

![ATMegaZero OLED Display](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0489/4720/0154/files/OLED_Display_-_Blue_480x480.jpg?v=1601919446)

```clike
/*
 * This example code is for a 128x64 pixel OLED display connected to the ATMegaZero's FPC Display port.
 * This sample code requires the "Adafruit_SSD1306" library. Please make sure to install it first.
 * 
 * You can purchase one of this ATMegaZero's compaible OLED Display from the ATMegaZero Online Store at:
 * https://shop.atmegazero.com
 * 
 * For full documentation please visit https://atmegazero.com
 */
 
#include <Wire.h>
#include <Adafruit_SSD1306.h>

// OLED display connected internally to i2c (SDA, SCL pins).
#define OLED_RESET -1   // Reset pin, for the ATMegaZero keep this as -1 since is not needed.
Adafruit_SSD1306 display(128, 64, &Wire, OLED_RESET);

/* ATmegaZero Logo, 128x64px. 
 * To create your own image, you can use this website https://diyusthad.com/image2cpp
 */
const unsigned char atmegazero_logo [] PROGMEM = {
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x01, 0xe0, 0xff, 0xe7, 0x80, 0x3c, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x3f, 0xf8, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x01, 0xe0, 0xff, 0xe7, 0x80, 0x3c, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x3f, 0xf8, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x03, 0xf0, 0x0e, 0x07, 0xc0, 0x7c, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x70, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x03, 0xb0, 0x0e, 0x07, 0xc0, 0x7c, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0xf0, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x03, 0x38, 0x0e, 0x07, 0xe0, 0xfc, 0x1e, 0x03, 0xc0, 0x7c, 0x00, 0xe0, 0x7c, 0x19, 0x87, 0xc0, 
  0x07, 0x38, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x60, 0xdc, 0x3f, 0x8f, 0xf9, 0xfe, 0x01, 0xc0, 0xfe, 0x1b, 0x8f, 0xf0, 
  0x07, 0x18, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x71, 0xdc, 0x71, 0x8c, 0x70, 0x87, 0x03, 0xc1, 0xc7, 0x1f, 0x9c, 0x70, 
  0x0e, 0x1c, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x31, 0x9c, 0xe1, 0xcc, 0x30, 0x07, 0x03, 0x81, 0x83, 0x1c, 0x1c, 0x38, 
  0x0e, 0x1c, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x3b, 0x9c, 0xff, 0xce, 0x70, 0x07, 0x07, 0x01, 0xff, 0x18, 0x18, 0x38, 
  0x0f, 0xfc, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x1f, 0x1c, 0xff, 0xc7, 0xe0, 0x7f, 0x0f, 0x03, 0xff, 0x18, 0x18, 0x38, 
  0x1f, 0xfe, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x1f, 0x1c, 0xe0, 0x07, 0x01, 0xc7, 0x0e, 0x01, 0x80, 0x18, 0x18, 0x38, 
  0x1c, 0x0e, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x0e, 0x1c, 0x60, 0x0c, 0x01, 0x87, 0x1c, 0x01, 0xc0, 0x18, 0x1c, 0x38, 
  0x1c, 0x07, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x0e, 0x1c, 0x71, 0x8f, 0xe1, 0xc7, 0x3f, 0xf9, 0xe3, 0x18, 0x1e, 0x70, 
  0x38, 0x07, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x00, 0x1c, 0x3f, 0x87, 0xf9, 0xff, 0x3f, 0xf8, 0xff, 0x18, 0x0f, 0xe0, 
  0x30, 0x03, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x00, 0x1c, 0x0e, 0x0c, 0x38, 0xe3, 0x3f, 0xf8, 0x3c, 0x18, 0x03, 0xc0, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x1c, 0x38, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x1e, 0x78, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x0f, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xe0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0xff, 0xfe, 0xf7, 0xff, 0xef, 0xbf, 0xff, 0xf9, 0xfb, 0xff, 0xff, 0xf9, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0x27, 0x38, 0xe1, 0xc3, 0x87, 0x0e, 0x5c, 0x30, 0xe1, 0xcf, 0x3c, 0x30, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0x27, 0x33, 0xe1, 0x93, 0x9e, 0x4e, 0x5e, 0x72, 0xe4, 0xcf, 0x3c, 0xf2, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0x07, 0x33, 0xe1, 0x9b, 0xbe, 0x4e, 0x1e, 0x70, 0xec, 0xcf, 0x3c, 0x30, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0x03, 0x33, 0xe1, 0x9b, 0x9e, 0x4e, 0x9e, 0x70, 0xec, 0xcf, 0x3c, 0xf0, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0x53, 0x38, 0xe1, 0xc3, 0x86, 0x0e, 0x9e, 0x72, 0xe1, 0xc3, 0x0c, 0x30, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0x57, 0x3c, 0xed, 0xe7, 0xc7, 0x1e, 0xde, 0xf2, 0xf3, 0xc3, 0x0c, 0x32, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x07, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xc0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00
};

// Displays the ATMegaZero logo
void displayLogo() {
  display.clearDisplay();
  delay(1000);
  display.drawBitmap(0, 0,  atmegazero_logo, 128, 64, WHITE);
  display.display();
  delay(2500);
  display.clearDisplay();
  display.display();
  delay(500);
}

// Initialize the OLED display and show the ATMegaZero logo
void initializeOLEDDisplay() {
  if(!display.begin(SSD1306_SWITCHCAPVCC, 0x3C)) { // Address 0x3C for 128x64
    Serial.println(F("Failed to initialize OLED Display"));
    for(;;); // Don't proceed, loop forever
  }

  // Display the logo on the OLED display
  displayLogo();
}

void setup()
{
  // Initialize the OLED display and show the ATMegaZero Logo
  initializeOLEDDisplay();

  // Display some text on the screen.
  display.setTextSize(1);
  display.setTextColor(WHITE);
  display.setCursor(0,0);
  display.println("OLED Display Demo");
  
  display.setTextSize(2);
  display.setCursor(0,20);
  display.println("ATMegaZero");
  display.setTextSize(1);
  display.setCursor(0,40);
  display.println("http://atmegazero.com");
  
  display.display();
  delay(1000);
}

void loop()
{ 
  
}
```

Commit message:

Updated documents for LIPO Battery and OLED display.

docs/oled_display_demo.md, after:

### OLED Display

The ATMegaZero comes with an integrated display FPC Connector which you can use to connect a `128x64 pixel OLED display`.

# How do you connect the OLED display?
> To connect the OLED display, gently pull up the black release lever on the FPC connector. Insert the OLED display connector with the screen facing down as shown in the video below.

![ATMegaZero OLED Display](/media/clipping_oled_display.gif)

# Sample Code

> Copy and paste this code to display data on the OLED display connected to the FCP connector on the ATMegaZero board.

[Buy it from the ATMegaZero Online Store](https://shop.atmegazero.com/products/128x64-0-96-oled-display)

!> This example code is for a 128x64 pixel OLED display connected to the ATMegaZero's FPC Display port.
   This sample code requires the "Adafruit_SSD1306" library. Please make sure to install it first.

![ATMegaZero OLED Display](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0489/4720/0154/files/OLED_Display_-_Blue_480x480.jpg?v=1601919446)

```clike
/*
 * This example code is for a 128x64 pixel OLED display connected to the ATMegaZero's FPC Display port.
 * This sample code requires the "Adafruit_SSD1306" library. Please make sure to install it first.
 * 
 * You can purchase one of this ATMegaZero's compaible OLED Display from the ATMegaZero Online Store at:
 * https://shop.atmegazero.com
 * 
 * For full documentation please visit https://atmegazero.com
 */
 
#include <Wire.h>
#include <Adafruit_SSD1306.h>

// OLED display connected internally to i2c (SDA, SCL pins).
#define OLED_RESET -1   // Reset pin, for the ATMegaZero keep this as -1 since is not needed.
Adafruit_SSD1306 display(128, 64, &Wire, OLED_RESET);

/* ATmegaZero Logo, 128x64px. 
 * To create your own image, you can use this website https://diyusthad.com/image2cpp
 */
const unsigned char atmegazero_logo [] PROGMEM = {
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x01, 0xe0, 0xff, 0xe7, 0x80, 0x3c, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x3f, 0xf8, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x01, 0xe0, 0xff, 0xe7, 0x80, 0x3c, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x3f, 0xf8, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x03, 0xf0, 0x0e, 0x07, 0xc0, 0x7c, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x70, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x03, 0xb0, 0x0e, 0x07, 0xc0, 0x7c, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0xf0, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x03, 0x38, 0x0e, 0x07, 0xe0, 0xfc, 0x1e, 0x03, 0xc0, 0x7c, 0x00, 0xe0, 0x7c, 0x19, 0x87, 0xc0, 
  0x07, 0x38, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x60, 0xdc, 0x3f, 0x8f, 0xf9, 0xfe, 0x01, 0xc0, 0xfe, 0x1b, 0x8f, 0xf0, 
  0x07, 0x18, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x71, 0xdc, 0x71, 0x8c, 0x70, 0x87, 0x03, 0xc1, 0xc7, 0x1f, 0x9c, 0x70, 
  0x0e, 0x1c, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x31, 0x9c, 0xe1, 0xcc, 0x30, 0x07, 0x03, 0x81, 0x83, 0x1c, 0x1c, 0x38, 
  0x0e, 0x1c, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x3b, 0x9c, 0xff, 0xce, 0x70, 0x07, 0x07, 0x01, 0xff, 0x18, 0x18, 0x38, 
  0x0f, 0xfc, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x1f, 0x1c, 0xff, 0xc7, 0xe0, 0x7f, 0x0f, 0x03, 0xff, 0x18, 0x18, 0x38, 
  0x1f, 0xfe, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x1f, 0x1c, 0xe0, 0x07, 0x01, 0xc7, 0x0e, 0x01, 0x80, 0x18, 0x18, 0x38, 
  0x1c, 0x0e, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x0e, 0x1c, 0x60, 0x0c, 0x01, 0x87, 0x1c, 0x01, 0xc0, 0x18, 0x1c, 0x38, 
  0x1c, 0x07, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x0e, 0x1c, 0x71, 0x8f, 0xe1, 0xc7, 0x3f, 0xf9, 0xe3, 0x18, 0x1e, 0x70, 
  0x38, 0x07, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x00, 0x1c, 0x3f, 0x87, 0xf9, 0xff, 0x3f, 0xf8, 0xff, 0x18, 0x0f, 0xe0, 
  0x30, 0x03, 0x0e, 0x07, 0x00, 0x1c, 0x0e, 0x0c, 0x38, 0xe3, 0x3f, 0xf8, 0x3c, 0x18, 0x03, 0xc0, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x1c, 0x38, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x1e, 0x78, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x0f, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xe0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0xff, 0xfe, 0xf7, 0xff, 0xef, 0xbf, 0xff, 0xf9, 0xfb, 0xff, 0xff, 0xf9, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0x27, 0x38, 0xe1, 0xc3, 0x87, 0x0e, 0x5c, 0x30, 0xe1, 0xcf, 0x3c, 0x30, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0x27, 0x33, 0xe1, 0x93, 0x9e, 0x4e, 0x5e, 0x72, 0xe4, 0xcf, 0x3c, 0xf2, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0x07, 0x33, 0xe1, 0x9b, 0xbe, 0x4e, 0x1e, 0x70, 0xec, 0xcf, 0x3c, 0x30, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0x03, 0x33, 0xe1, 0x9b, 0x9e, 0x4e, 0x9e, 0x70, 0xec, 0xcf, 0x3c, 0xf0, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0x53, 0x38, 0xe1, 0xc3, 0x86, 0x0e, 0x9e, 0x72, 0xe1, 0xc3, 0x0c, 0x30, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0x57, 0x3c, 0xed, 0xe7, 0xc7, 0x1e, 0xde, 0xf2, 0xf3, 0xc3, 0x0c, 0x32, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x1f, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xf0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x07, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xff, 0xc0, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 
  0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00
};

// Displays the ATMegaZero logo
void displayLogo() {
  display.clearDisplay();
  delay(1000);
  display.drawBitmap(0, 0,  atmegazero_logo, 128, 64, WHITE);
  display.display();
  delay(2500);
  display.clearDisplay();
  display.display();
  delay(500);
}

// Initialize the OLED display and show the ATMegaZero logo
void initializeOLEDDisplay() {
  if(!display.begin(SSD1306_SWITCHCAPVCC, 0x3C)) { // Address 0x3C for 128x64
    Serial.println(F("Failed to initialize OLED Display"));
    for(;;); // Don't proceed, loop forever
  }

  // Display the logo on the OLED display
  displayLogo();
}

void setup()
{
  // Initialize the OLED display and show the ATMegaZero Logo
  initializeOLEDDisplay();

  // Display some text on the screen.
  display.setTextSize(1);
  display.setTextColor(WHITE);
  display.setCursor(0,0);
  display.println("OLED Display Demo");
  
  display.setTextSize(2);
  display.setCursor(0,20);
  display.println("ATMegaZero");
  display.setTextSize(1);
  display.setCursor(0,40);
  display.println("http://atmegazero.com");
  
  display.display();
  delay(1000);
}

void loop()
{ 
  
}
```
